if we have money
to the maximum
Not only that
before her and we had problems with my
family with my job
before the holiday activity linked to
my space house the morning today in the
Today morning action
spectacular with too much energy and what
better is that any day is that the
exercise that makes a morning
I exercise an hour that tired because everything
otherwise my path should be my
mind my vision is already different and
I want to grow I want to form my own
company to continue with the studies without a doubt
some as a person a lot to be
incredibly mentally and physically you
you imagine the energy that one can have
now be the day's performance the
energy that stops one's exercise
the strength the self-confidence
Well, one who has to work for that
in my case with clients in sales of
the whole presence what they see the
I reflect well in the morning when it arrives
the smile the energy is what makes
follow
16 years up I started being chubby
props and so on
zone I normal takes a lot of importance
watch soccer or simple exams in
the school
and I remember the first day I go to
do nobody like how is it going to be so
useless you helped me a lot
reason too much then I have to
to be able to do something go ahead and there
has gone little by little and I reached my first
metal lose weight
now I feel more confident about myself
I am happy with my body happier
and I accept more as I am I am not afraid in
go out with other people as well as go
to exercise and so on or vacuum
exercising now is something that forms
something of my daily life is different is
a person who is simply governed by
the rules of the society that comes out that
it takes that it goes party in celebration and that
simply look for the pleasure of others
in what others
and maybe without the exercise it would be like
those people but
but you see changes and that's attraction
that one feels being different
because it leads one to set the example
and see that it is not necessary to make the
world it does to himself be present
and lie that pressure from friends and
the pressure of society does not influence
about one but actually I think that
it's just a change of attitude and
the changes that one sees reflected to the
effort that one makes
they make it honestly worth being
different and that becomes a pleasure and
simply that complication is no longer
and now
now
and with the art but on the ground the
wood and there's no now who wants to be the
case
and now
and it's an incredible change now with the
community with all the evidence
the change does not come from one day to the next
the advice that one is given because a
gym just go 'exercise
actually this this place is something
to be all in family all together
helping with friends that includes a
change in the people who are here
how everyone helps each other
tips to get close to any
person here who will receive the same
help if they were if they were luiz in
the attitudes that one has
de león 'learn to value to see the
different things to value everything has
a good health
because I want to get to adult to well
until you reach those who like
with that and other changes neglect their
friends on weekends that you
it comes out today that it takes that I was that
all
Water
exercise as much as people
when goodbye
and so it will be
At first I arrived and we started
do a routine that knows to me and
then it 's one more help let's say when
I got to college I used to get tired
we have to go places like this and
say the force strength and made all
that does not feel anymore has now mounted
with the gym if I can get to be
Seeing more energy to do the
transfers of the bed
also here in the people too
precisely if we miss ricotta
they leave pressure ignore a certain number
of mistery
Let's say the same is like the naval test
placing seated everywhere I
I feel totally normal
and he
positive you have to be positive if there is
on the back
nice just to be good with one
It feels good when one can achieve
to do a lot of things
that word I can not here does not exist and it does not
there are preferences there are some of us
here alone all as brothers